Let's look at the information that Alice is displaying to us, the total displays, the amount of disk
space that is used by the files in the list, the first column specifies the identifier and the permissions.
The second column specifies the number of links.
The third column specifies the ownership.
The fourth column specifies the size of the file or directory.
The fifth column specifies the date and time the file or directory was created or lost modified.
The last column indicates the name of the file or directory.
Let's look at each column in more detail.
The first column is divided into 10 characters.
The first character identifies if the entry is a file directory or a symbolic link.
The remaining characters specify the permissions.
We will look into permissions in more detail in the next lecture.
The next column specifies the number of links for the purposes of this course.
We can ignore that column.
The next column specifies the ownership.
This column is further divided into two.
On the left you have the owner and on the right you have the group owner.
As with permissions, we will look into ownership in the next lecture.
The fourth column specifies the size of the file or directory.
I must point out that a directory is just a file with information about the files contained in that
directory.
The Fifth Column specifies the date and time that the file or directory was created or last modified.
The sixth column specifies the name of the directory or file.
The three columns that are of interest to us and are pertinent to this course is the first column,
the identifier and the permissions, the ownership column and the file or directory name column.
Here we have a listing of the Etsy directory.
It's quite easy to identify files, directories and a symbolic link.
A file is identified by a hyphen, a directory is identified by a D and a symbolic link is identified
by an L..
For the purposes of the course, we are only interested in directories and files.
Here is another directory listing.
This time the directory is slash Etsy, slash Ingenix.
Are you able to identify the three columns that interest us?
The first column of identifier and our permissions.
The ownership column and the file or directory name column.
Are you able to identify directories and files to identify the directories?
We look at the first character in the list.
If it starts with a D. It is a directory.
If it starts with a hyphen, it is a file.